Kiss 108 FM.
It's Gay Brady.
There's 10 to Tronic.
Less than 20 minutes from now, I'm going to be calling out a Kiss Club member's name.
If you haven't joined, it's 395-KISS.
Win cash or that trip to see the 10,000 maniacs?
You never know.
Okay, we're looking for Michael LaFerrara.
Michael LaFerrara.
Hey, Michael.
Call me within the next 20 minutes on the Kiss Winners line.
That's 617-393-KISS.
WINS.
W-I-N-S.
I'll give you the chance to win that New York City Flyway to see the 10,000 Maniacs for up to $10,000 instant cash.
That's Michael LaFerrara, our KISS Club member.
Call me, KISS 108.
Music's what they will
like this.
Don't live in the musical.
We're in the mood.
Don't just stand there.
Let's get to it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I wanna show
Give him, I'm gonna give him, give him a love, give him, I'm gonna give him on your side
Give him a love, give him Oh yes I am
of the world.
Yeah, I can't hear the teacher, the booze won't call me at all.
I don't see the bad boys trying to catch some play, cause I'm in this booze.
You know, it's all in the bay.
I'm gonna put that new black meaning on my charge anyway.
Cause I love it, I'm smiling.
Yeah.
You're the blue boy.
I love your smile.
I really didn't.
Kiss 101.
Something's missing and I don't know why I always feel the need to hide my feelings from you.
Is it me or you that I'm afraid of?
I tell myself, I'll show you what I'm made of.
In my heart, I know we've come apart And I don't know where to start What can I do?
I don't wanna feel blue
Kissing someone else's lips So too many cigarettes today I'm not happy when I act this way Bad girl drunk by six Kissing some kind of stranger's face
Something's happened and I can't go back.
I fall apart every time you hand your heart out to me.
What happens now?
I know I don't deserve you.
I wonder how I'm ever gonna hurt you.
Can't be myself.
I don't wanna feel blue Bad girl, drunk by six Kissing someone else's lips Smoked too many cigarettes today I'm not heavy when I actually spray Bad girl, drunk by six Kissing some kind of stranger's lips Smoked too many cigarettes
I don't want to feel blue Bad girl, drunk by six Kissing someone else's lips Smoked too many cigarettes today I'm not happy when I act this way Bad girl, drunk by six Kissing someone else's lips
Kissing some kind of stranger's head Madonna hits the skids as Bad Boy falls to number 24 But the success of his first pop hit just might force him to hit the road and play a few concerts at the theme parks Although I'm sure he won't mind Off from 25 to 21 on the hit list, check out Joey Lawrence Nothing My Love Can't Fix Why is my baby blue?
I can't see the go-through of a sunny day.
I'm stuck in that point of view.
What can I do to take your tears away?
Oh, nothing, nothing.
There's a time for crying.
We'll stop forgetting you were ever down.
I guess it will dry your eyes.
This is the way to turn your world around.
We all get lonely.
But if you just hold me, we both can go beat.
Love is the clue that fun
Love works like magic, just don't be enough.
You gotta get away with me today Cause all the past got to shout through And honey, I got to see it too That we were men, girl, me and you But lately you've been acting like I smell like a zoo Village seems to be exact And hey, feel is my origin as a matter of fact But let's get back to this so you get happy Baby, baby, baby, oh, you was back in the man When I look at you, girl My heart goes right into the world And all I gotta say about the situation
There's nothing my love can't fix.
He's got a successful TV career, all kinds of merit proposals from women he's never met, and a song that jumps into the number 21 spot this week on the hit list.
Obviously, a life worth living.
Joey Lawrence, Nothing My Love Can't Fix.
There's a place in your heart, and I know that it is love.
And this place came much brighter than tomorrow.
you'll find there's no need to cry in this place you'll feel there's no hurt or sorrow there are ways to get there if you care enough for the living make a little space
Make it a better place for you and for me and the entire human race.
There are people lying if you care enough for the living.
Make a better place for you and for me.
There's a love that cannot lie Love is strong and only cares for joyful giving If we try, we shall see In this bliss we cannot feel Here on track, we stop existing and start living Then it feels that always Love's enough, hope is growing
make it a better place for you and for me and the entire human race there are people dying if you care enough
Then why do you keep strangling me When this very crucified soul Though it's plain to see This world is heavenly Because love We could fly so high That our spirits never die In my heart I feel you are all my brothers I created a world
Together we'll cry happy tears So the nations turn their swords into plowshares We could really get there If you cared enough for the living Make a little space
make it a better place
and the anti-human race
I say it's a river
They say it's a blessing.
They say it's a gift.
They say it's a miracle and I believe that it is.
It conquers all.
But it's a mystery.
Love brings your heart.
Love takes no less than everything.
Love makes it hard, and it fades away so easily.
In this world we've created, in this place that we live, in the blink of a night, babe,
Unites the lovers for eternity.
Love breaks the chains.
Love aches for every one of us.
Love takes the tears and pain and turns it in to the beauty that remains.
It was paradise but now it's dying I'll pray for love I'll take my chances that it's not true to live
Thank you.